Minecraft just revealed a brand new mob.
And at first, I thought it wouldn't be
possible to get in my world until I
looked deeper. The Nautilus is basically
a new underwater mount that pauses your
breath meter, allowing you to easily
travel and build underwater. These would
be so perfect for my forever world
because I have this huge underwater base
called Salatia that I've been wanting to
upgrade. And since I play in a super
flat world, there's no way to get the
buried treasure needed to build a
conduit. But unfortunately, since
Nautilus only spawned in ocean biomes, I
was pretty certain I would be unable to
get the mob at all due to my super flat
world being entirely one biome planes.
But then I remembered the reinforcement
mechanic. Hitting an undead mob causes
it to summon more undead mobs of the
same type. Meaning that in theory I
could gather a bunch of drowned and keep
punching them until I got a rare
Nautilus jockey spawn. The issue is that
nautilus jockeyies are technically a
whole different mob, the zombie
nautilus. And as far as I know, there's
no way to cure a zombie nautilus into a
normal one. But maybe this is the time
for Mojang to add that feature. If you
could cure a zombie horse into a horse
with golden carrots, it would give
players another option for obtaining
horses. Curing a zombie nautilus into a
nautilus would make them obtainable in
most single biome challenge worlds. And
you could even add the ability to cure a
zombie piglin into a normal piglin,
allowing for pigment bartering. This
would make it possible to go to the
Nether and get stone for the first time
in structuralist challenge worlds. So
let it be known we must find a cure for
the zombie pandemic.